src/components/home/intro.md, before:

## About Me

I'm Haonan Su (**苏浩南**), a full-stack software engineer. I received my B.S. in Computer Science from Peking University in 2022 and am currently pursuing a master's degree at the University of Southern California. I am passionate about designing and developing user-friendly applications and have been dedicated to exploring and creating such programs.

## Research

I interned at the Open Source Software Data Analytics Lab at Peking University, where I researched the impact of Good First Issues on newcomers on GitHub. I also contributed to the development of [GFI-Bot](https://gfibot.io), which helps newcomers find suitable Good First Issues to contribute to. Our work, titled "[GFI-bot: Automated Good First Issue Recommendation](https://doi.org/10.1145/3540250.3558922)," was published in the ESEC/FSE'22 Demo Track.

## Working Experience

#### Sohu (2022.7 ~ 2024.7)

At Sohu, I conceived and developed numerous innovative projects at the forefront of technology, including:

- A service based on ComfyUI and Next.js for transforming real-time photos into specific styles.
- An application to analyze users' facial features and recommend makeup and outfits, with automatic virtual try-on functionality.
- A complete digital human video generation pipeline, building a full process from TTS to video generation, with further rendering of video or live streams in Puppeteer.
- The front-end and back-end development for [Sohu Auto](https://auto.sohu.com)'s WeChat Miniprogram (frontend using WeChat Miniprogram framework, backend using Go).

#### Tencent (2021.9 ~ 2022.5)

At Tencent, I participated in the development of Miaojian, a CapCut-like mobile video editing application. I developed the video saving and splitting modules and refactored the video timeline selection UI. Additionally, I designed and implemented a demo of a cross-platform Rust-based video editing SDK to achieve unified behaviors on both operating systems.

## Projects

- [**Shuwashuwa**](https://github.com/team-combinatorics/shuwashuwa-wxapp): A WeChat Mini Program for volunteer services by students of the School of EECS at Peking University.
- **The Nachos Operating System** (PKU Operating Systems Course Lab): Implemented the Nachos Operating System with features like threads, mutexes, semaphores, pipes, virtual memory, and a Linux-like file system using C++.
- **ICS Course Labs** (PKU ICS / CMU 15-213 Labs): Completed and benchmarked various course labs, including an LRU cache simulator, a pipelined Y86-64 processor, a simple Unix shell, and a memory allocator.

## Personal Interests

- I love traveling and photography. You can check out some of my work on my [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kevinsu99/).
- Reading, currently interested in the history of Northern and Southern dynasties.
- Amateur in badminton & cycling.

Commit message:

feat(intro): update with new experience

src/components/home/intro.md, after:

## About Me

I'm Haonan Su (**苏浩南**), a full-stack software engineer. I received my B.S. in Computer Science from Peking University in 2022 and am currently pursuing a master's degree at the University of Southern California. I am passionate about designing and developing user-friendly applications and have been dedicated to exploring and creating such programs.

## Research

I interned at the Open Source Software Data Analytics Lab at Peking University, where I researched the impact of Good First Issues on newcomers on GitHub. I also contributed to the development of [GFI-Bot](https://gfibot.io), which helps newcomers find suitable Good First Issues to contribute to. Our work, titled "[GFI-bot: Automated Good First Issue Recommendation](https://doi.org/10.1145/3540250.3558922)," was published in the ESEC/FSE'22 Demo Track.

## Working Experience

#### Amazon Web Services (AWS) (2025.5 - 2025.8)

Designed and built AWS Wikif.ai, aimed at automating the generation and updating of internal wiki pages

- Built a desktop application with Electron, React, and TypeScript, leveraging LangGraph to orchestrate hybrid LLM workflows and agents, and integrated AWS Bedrock for intelligent document generation
- Integrated 30+ internal data sources with support for incremental background updates, reducing document creation and maintenance time from hours to minutes, with multiple teams already participating in testing

#### Sohu (2022.7 ~ 2024.7)

At Sohu, I conceived and developed numerous innovative projects at the forefront of technology, including:

- A service based on ComfyUI and Next.js for transforming real-time photos into specific styles.
- An application to analyze users' facial features and recommend makeup and outfits, with automatic virtual try-on functionality.
- A complete digital human video generation pipeline, building a full process from TTS to video generation, with further rendering of video or live streams in Puppeteer.
- The front-end and back-end development for [Sohu Auto](https://auto.sohu.com)'s WeChat Miniprogram (frontend using WeChat Miniprogram framework, backend using Go).

#### Tencent (2021.9 ~ 2022.5)

At Tencent, I participated in the development of Miaojian, a CapCut-like mobile video editing application. I developed the video saving and splitting modules and refactored the video timeline selection UI. Additionally, I designed and implemented a demo of a cross-platform Rust-based video editing SDK to achieve unified behaviors on both operating systems.

## Projects

- [**Shuwashuwa**](https://github.com/team-combinatorics/shuwashuwa-wxapp): A WeChat Mini Program for volunteer services by students of the School of EECS at Peking University.
- **The Nachos Operating System** (PKU Operating Systems Course Lab): Implemented the Nachos Operating System with features like threads, mutexes, semaphores, pipes, virtual memory, and a Linux-like file system using C++.
- **ICS Course Labs** (PKU ICS / CMU 15-213 Labs): Completed and benchmarked various course labs, including an LRU cache simulator, a pipelined Y86-64 processor, a simple Unix shell, and a memory allocator.

## Personal Interests

- I love traveling and photography. You can check out some of my work on my [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kevinsu99/).
- Reading, currently interested in the history of Northern and Southern dynasties.
- Amateur in badminton & cycling.
